Okay, so let's see how we can gain full control
and get a Meterpreter session from the target computer.
So, again we're gonna go on the commands
and we're gonna go on the social engineering.
Now, there's actually a number of ways
that you can use in here to get a reverse trail.
It all depends on how you wanna make
your social engineering attack.
What we're going to use, we're gonna use a notification bar,
a fake notification bar, and we're choosing Firefox
because our target is runs on Firefox
or are using Firefox.
So, what this will do, it will basically tell the user,
it'll display a notification bar telling the user that
there is a new update or there's a plugin
that you need to install.
Once they install the plugin,
then they'll actually install a backdoor
and you'll gain full access to their computer.
So, the way we're gonna do this is we're gonna use the same
backdoor that we always created and we've been using.
Now, I actually have it stored in my web server.
So, I have it stored in var,
www.html and I have it called update.exe
but it's the same backdoor,
the same reverse http Meterpreter that we used before.
So, I'm gonna give the full address to it here.
So, it's stored in
10.20.14.207,
that's my actual IP,
and the name of the file is update.exe
and then the notification, the notification
is just saying there is an additional plugin
that needs to be installed to display
some elements on this page.
Now, you can change this and just say,
critical update for Firefox,
click here to install.
So, I'm gonna hit execute
and if we go on to target,
you can see that they're getting a message
telling them that there is a new update for Firefox
and click here to download and install.
So, the target person will be like,
oh yeah I need to install this.
So, they download it
and now basically they have a backdoor
downloaded on their machine.
Once they try to run this backdoor to install the update,
they think it's an update, but they'll actually run
a backdoor which will give us full access to their computer.
Before I run the backdoor, I need to listen on the port,
exactly like we did it before,
so I'm just gonna do show options here to show you,
I'm not gonna go through all the steps.
It's using Metasploit multi handler,
saying why we did it in the video of listening for ports.
So, we're using Meterpreter reverse http,
I have my IP and the port,
so I'm just gonna do exploit,
and I'm listening for the connections now.
Now, let's run the update that we just downloaded.
And if we go on the target,
you can see that we got full control over it
using a Meterpreter session.
Now, again
this is just an example of one way
of getting in full control over the target computer.
There's a number of ways that you can do
using beef and there is a number
of social engineering attacks that you can do
to gain full access on the target computer.
So, again I highly recommend you go over the plugins
and experiment with them and see
what attacks you can come up with.